hello everybody it's Rebecca here at why
mermaids and welcome to yet another top
5 Wednesday top 5 Wednesday was created
by Laini at ginger wreath Lanie and the
links to her channel and the goodreads
group are both in the description down
below so check them out if you have not
done so already and joining the fun this
week's topic is these top five books
that you've read in one sitting or as
close to one sitting as you can get I I
had a harder time like thinking of books
that I've read in one sitting it's been
a while really since I've been able to
read a book in one sitting because work
kind of gets in the way sometimes or
like life gets in the way I have to take
care of you know a house and groceries
and the animals and my fiance and like
work and all of his other types of stuff
so it was a little bit harder for me to
like think of books that I've read in
one sitting but I got six but I'm not
going to include Harry Potter so it's
only five because I read all all of the
harry potter books in one sitting each
time i read them including the seventh
one which is a behemoth of a book and I
read it all well I guess the fifth one
is the biggest one I mean whenever they
came out I just kind of devoured them
that day and like wouldn't go to bed
till I finished it so yeah like I know
the seventh book when it came out
Deathly Hallows I went at midnight I got
the book I went home I slept because I
knew that if I started reading it I
couldn't stop and then i woke up at like
6am and just started reading and then
didn't stop to like 8pm and then I was
done so yeah so I'm not gonna stay
included harry potter because duh so
here we go with the top five books that
i read in one sitting or as close to one
sitting as i can get and they are in no
particular order so we're gonna start
out with Twilight that's right all of
the series the entire series all four
books in the series i'm pretty sure i've
read them in one sitting when they came
out or when i was in to them cuz i was
obsessed for a good amount of time
they're a good amount of time
I was a big twilight fan so I know I'm
fairly positive that i read those in one
sitting the next one is the lightning
thief the Percy Jackson series not just
the lightning thief by rick riordan
again i read these books and devoured
them um I was living in LA and I was
living with my friend Wes and he was
like studio apartment cuz i was in
between departments and was complicated
and I just remember laying on my
deflating air mattress and reading all
of these books in like the span of a
week so yeah I also read The Hunger
Games by Suzanne Collins all three books
in this series not all at once again
different days or different times but I
did read them all as soon as I picked
them up I couldn't put them down because
they just captivated me so much I've
read this one quite a bunch sense
because I've taught it to my 10th
graders so I haven't read it in one
sitting in a while but I the first time
I read it I definitely read it in one
sitting I'm kind of doing this from like
furthest back to most recent so that's
kind of the order I'm doing here so the
next one is 13 reasons why by jay asher
this one I was very captivated and I
know that I couldn't stop I couldn't put
it down because I just wanted to know
what happened and yeah this was really
good but it does have trigger warnings
so if you want to read it please look
into that first and finally the most
recent read that I've had that I've read
in one sitting is the ocean at the end
of the lane by Neil Gaiman I've read
this one in a day it was like a snow day
at school and I know I got up a few
times so it wasn't one sitting but it
was in one day I started at that morning
and finished at that afternoon and it
was really really good and it's my
favorite of all the Neo Gaiman books I
have read so far well that is it for me
today in my top five books that I read
in one sitting or as close to one
sitting again I
and I like to get up and walk around and
then come back down and sit and read
more anyway that is it for me today I'll
see you next time